                                       Project Ideas

1. Personal Medical App

   Database of test results and personal medical information, including home blood glucose results, blood pressure, 
   heart rate, weight, etc. Users can enter personal results and stats and also link to their patient portal(s). They can
   keep and update a list of their healthcare professionals, including specialty and contact information. Additionally, 
   users can save and update their insurance information and a list of current medications.

2. Rate My Hair Stylist

   Similar to Rate My Professor, users can search for a hair stylist by city and hair salon. Stylists by hair salon
   and location will be added and stored in a databse. Users can search for a stylist and view their reviews or add a
   review. If the stylist is not found they can add them to a salon. If the salon is not found they can add the salon
   and then the stylist before adding their review. Users can also select a list of salons by city, and then select a 
   salon to read their hair stylists' reviews.

3. Home cooking App

   Application includes a database on the backend for grocery inventory, recipes, menu plans, and nutrition goals. Recipes 
   added or selected by the user are used to create a weekly menu plan. The menu plan is matched against grocery inventory
   to produce a shopping list. Menu plans can be saved, modified, or deleted. Links to free nutrition apps are included on 
   the website to enter a menu plan and calculate nutrition stats. Nutrition by menu plan can then be compared to nutrition 
   goals. If needed, recipes can be added to or deleted from a menu plan to meet nutrition goals. Nutrition goals can also
   be added, modified, or deleted.
   
4. Virtual Scrapbook Website

   Pictures can be saved or digitally modified and then saved on a database. Family history can be typed in and saved,
   and certificates such as birth certificates, awards, diplomas, etc. can be scanned in and saved. Family names and dates
   can also be entered and updated. All information entered on the database can be printed or shared by the user. When
   printing, emojis, graphics, colors, and special effects can be added to the pages, and the user can select any of the
   page content from their saved data. Users are also given a selection of different page formats to choose from.

5. Global Climate Change System

   Users can access a home app where they can link to their utility account and track expenses and trends, upload shopping
   receipts and expenses, set energy usage and budget goals, and track their progress. App includes links to eco-friendly
   personal apps and links to other apps in the system. They can also access a community app using their library card where 
   they can view eco-friendly community boards and submit posts or suggestions. Additionally, users can sign in and view 
   state, national, and global apps displaying daily CO2 emissions, particulate counts and climnate change news stories. 
   Administrative functions, including instant messaging and conferencing between stakeholders with similar administrator 
   priveleges, are included in the system.